---
sidebar_position: 1
title: About
---

## Content 

You will find here code examples 
of 3 Roslyn Source Code Generator (RSCG)
that can be useful for you. That means, you will write more elegant and concise code - even if the generators code is not always nice to look.

## Are those examples ready for production?

I have done due diligence to test the RSCG that I have shown to you here. However, I cannot guarantee that will fit your code. That means that you can test it for your case and, because all are open source on Github.com, you can contribute to improve them .

Also I have selected only Incremental Source Code Generator.
I have also verified that the RSCG are working with .NET 7.
Also verified that works with namespaces and classes.


## How to read this book

For each RSCG, you will find 

1.  Name of the RSCG and link to the NuGet package / GitHub repository
2.  What the RSCG can do
3.  What you need to include in .csproj file
4.  What will be the initial code
5.  Code Generated by RSCG
6.  Link to the downloadable code to practice


## I have a suggestion for a new RSCG that is worth mentioning in this book. What can I do? 

Please send me an email to ignatandrei@yahoo.com

## I want to make a RSCG that will be useful. How can I do? 

In the  introduction I have put the links to get you started with RSCG. 

And, if you bought this book from Amazon, you are entitled to have 1 hour free of consultancy with me. I can help you make one.

## I want the book / sponsor you

Glad that you have asked.  Please goto  Amazon: https://amzn.to/3f6gll3

But you can read online :  https://ignatandrei.github.io/RSCG_Examples/v2 

For v1 with .NET 5 see https://ignatandrei.github.io/RSCG_Examples/v1/index.docx)

